Udemy Marketing Analytics:

Introduction:
Udemy is a leading firm in offering various online courses to the students, working professionals, aspiring learners across the globe. Now it has decided to expand its wing to flock in more learners into their platform. One of the way to get it done is through reaching out to more learners through different levels of engagement activities. This can range from writing blogs, roll out weekly newsletter, offer complimentary courses, special discounts, social media engagement, tie up with corporates etc. Keeping in mind all the different levels of engagement they got involved with, there is a huge amount of data produced from these course campaigns which needs to be analyzed and get business insights from them based on which they can decide which campaign activities needs to be focused and which can be disregarded. They feel for the need of Big Data in this juncture to help them with their business problem.
Problem Statement:
The digital media team at udemy launches various course campaigns to market about their top selling courses, new courses added, upcoming features, future projects through various channels of email, sms, push notifications, newsletter, ads, social media posts, hyperlinks, testimonials. Now they are in need of strong analytics which can give insights on the performance of the campaigns and scope for improvement. Big Data technologies can be used to provide the clean and processed data which is gathered from the campaigns led to the analysts who can provide the required analytics to the marketing team.
